---
layout: blog
title: 2013/14 Wrap Up
publishDate: 2015-01-18
---
Our website’s been rather quiet since we moved to this new and improved version but there’s been a lot going on at Debsoc in the meantime, including plenty of tournament successes! The records section of this site will have all the up to date results soon, but until then here’s a recap of some of the highlights that didn’t make it over here from Facebook or Twitter at the time.

The Vic Debsoc winning streak at Easters is still going strong, with Asher Emanuel and Jodie O’Neill as Victoria 1 bringing home the title in 2013 and an all Victoria final in 2014 guaranteeing a sixteenth year of consecutive victories. That final was won by a Victoria 1 team of Nicholas Gavey and second time best speaker Jodie, beating Nick Cross and Cameron Price as Victoria 2.

Our Joynt Scroll streak also continued through 2013, as Nick, Cam and Olivia Hall secured the eighth consecutive win for Victoria by defeating Auckland 1 in the final. The 2014 competition saw that run come to an end however, with the Scroll heading south after a victory for Otago.

Also moving to Otago in 2014 were the hosting rights for Australs, and after making the Grand Final of UT Mara Australs in 2013 the returning Victoria 1 team of Asher, Jodie and Nick topped the tab to break in first place before going on to become Australs champions. The three of them also cleaned up on individual speaker prizes, with Asher as best speaker and best reply speaker of the tournament, Jodie on his heels in equal second place, and Nick the best speaker in the final.

Continuing the theme of international successes, the last two World Universities Debating Championships have seen Victoria A reach the quarterfinals, with Asher and Jodie achieving that feat at Chennai Worlds 2014 after breaking 25th and Daniel Wilson and Kimberley Savill doing the same after breaking 12th at Malaysia Worlds 2015.

Of course, there have been many other achievements not mentioned above, from individual speaker prizes and recognition for many excellent Vic adjudicators through to new accreditations and Thropy wins. We’re also grateful to have had the continued support of Saunders Unsworth as sponsors into 2014, over what has been another great couple of years for Vic Debsoc. For everything that wouldn’t fit into this post take a look around the records section, and watch this space for more to come in 2015!
